c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\obj\Debug\Avanade.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.reporters.net452.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.net452.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\Avanade.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\Avanade.pdb
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\obj\Debug\Avanade.dll
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\obj\Debug\Avanade.pdb
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\chromedriver.exe
c:\users\simon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Avanade\Avanade\bin\Debug\chromedriver-license.txt
